Thank you, everyone, again. Thank you. Welcome, everyone. And again, thank you for participating
and coming, making time. Thank you very much, everyone. Now again, we continue to follow
what we're talking, or what I'm talking. We continue to follow it. There's the teachings
on the particular course. It's about the video of this teaching, as gracious teachers,
Buddha Shakyamuni talk. So, they're all going. And so, again, in order to follow the teaching,
always in the teaching set, so reactivate our motivation. And that means, among all the
motivations, we're going to activate our beautiful motivation of the joy and the
appreciations. And we're going to be such a graceful, gratitude, thankful. All those
really beautiful motivation are so important. Those are the heart and essence of the Dharma
that we'll be practicing. That was the teaching of the gracious teachers, Buddha Shakyamuni.
Along with that was the motivation of the body temple. And it really understands
the realization of the very other teachings. Every time, according to the lineage teaching,
reminding that every time you remind this, it's not just once in a while we reflect
those motivations. We do motivations. When we wake up in the morning, we feel thankful,
grateful. Exactly what I'm talking about, that's what a gracious teacher, Buddha
Shakyamuni talk. Thankful, grateful, gratitude, joy and appreciation. Beautiful life is here,
right with us. I'm going to make something beautiful, to benefit myself and to benefit
for all living beings. Actually, we embody self-practice and thinking more other than
ourselves. So, why? Because how many of these are such a precious, beautiful opportunity,
beautiful life, that I'm going to really make something good, beautiful contributions
for all living beings. Really, and I'm going to do that, please, blessed by all the
body, the bodhisattva. May I affirm that goal. We think that sincerely from the heart
and joy. And with that, in life today, bodhisattva, vastness, motivation of the bodhisattva
and beauty realization, the way he has teachings, this is so important. In the teachings,
if you can mind, kind of bring up those beautiful attitude and beautiful thought as many as
you can do in the evening today, it's great. Of course, particularly when you practice
the meditating and you're reflecting on the teachings, definitely, you're reflecting.
The sole purpose of our practices is really we decide it, and that's what we said in
front of all bodhisattva to benefit for all living beings by our competence. So therefore,
kind of activating that as much as that is known as practicing, that is known as exercise
of the body to others. So therefore, again, we reflect those beautiful motivations toward
each other. And then we go on the teachings now, what we discussed. And yesterday, I went
a little bit of overview of what we've been discussing since we started our healing retreats
a little bit, and then I said about the bodhisattvas. And so, in the bodhisattva is exactly that,
in the bodhisattva has two bodhisattvas, and we think bodhisattva and actualizing bodhisattva.
So we went through those all quite detailed, and of course, there's more to be said.
This is the profound teachings. Entirely generated bodhisattva is the best on the bodhisattva,
particularly Mahayana and Vayayana teaching is totally best on the bodhisattva. That is
so profound. That means included zobki teachings, that is all. So we went through that.
And then bodhisattva, we have the wishing bodhisattva, and we have the rebel of the very beautiful
motivation of wishing bodhisattva, sincerely in our heart and mind, then we begin to actualize
in the bodhisattva. And therefore, the frame of the wind comes to actualize the bodhisattva.
Yesterday, I think we are for good. For good that actualizing bodhisattva, we put in these
three frames, follow the instructions of the great mask unkimvas, those three nobles, three
nobles, beginning noble, middle noble, and concluding nobles, those. And the beginning
noble is again motivation, is nothing any different than beautiful motivation, joy, and
appreciation, bodhisattva. And then you really understand or realize any devotions. Devotion
is so important in the beginning, beginning time, and that is foundation. So that means
what? According to the teaching, the Buddha, the beginning noble, the first noble, is the
poor, renormalization of thought, then refuge, bodhisattva, and purity realization, and devotions.
That is the foundation. That is foundation of the practice, which is known as the beginning
nobles. With that beautiful foundation, then we begin noble, middle noble, sorry, middle
noble. Middle noble, beginning noble, middle noble, as principle. Middle noble as frame,
actualizing the bodhisattva, actualizing the bodhisattva. And those are what is actualizing
the body. That is summarized by the direction of the teacher Buddha Chaitanya Muni in the
six Aramatha practices. That can be summarized into three practices, principle practices.
Those are the three extra ordinary practices, extra ordinary practices. Those are three
trainings sometimes. And morality, concentration, and the wisdom. And we expand it a little
bit then, that is the six Aramathas. Six Aramatha is actually encompassed the entire practice
of the Buddha Dhamma when it comes to practices. Particularly it is highlighted and very kind
of intensified in the Mahayana teachings to activate both each other, both each other.
Bodhisattva is, of course, Sanskrit Bodhi. We all know that. We all know and we all know
that. Bodhi means what? Enlightenment. Enlightenment. Enlightenment is our goal. Our foundation
too. Enlightenment is our Buddha nature. Your nature, my nature. That we have to revere.
We have to revere. In that way, it is our goal to revere. How to revere? With the mind,
the determined mind, enlightened mind. That is what we are going to do. In order to do
that, we take up Bodhisattva vows. We take the Bodhisattva vows, what we call, of course
we all know, we all know that. When we talk about Bodhisattva vows, it is called Bodhisattva.
Bodhisattva, right? What means Bodhisattva? Again, Bodhi is enlightenment. Sattva means
courageous. That means mind, courageous mind. We are going to revere, achieve our basic goodness,
our goal, ultimate goal, with courage, with commitment, with confidence. That we become
the courageous ones. Once we become the Bodhisattva, generally we are all known as Bodhisattvas.
And sometimes it is named in the Buddha teaching, noble son, noble daughters. What means noble
son and noble daughter? We are noble. We are activating our enlightenment nature. Our own
basic goodness, that nature. Therefore, we are novels. What means son and daughters?
That means we become the children of the Buddha, children of the warriors, children of the
bravery clients, the courageous clients, not the timid, not the wicked ones, courageous
clients. What kind of courage? Courage for enlightenment. For enlightenment, our enlightenment,
for also enlightenment, for all the beings. We are going to be courageous ones. Therefore,
it is called Bodhisattvas. So if we translate it into English, maybe the warriors of the
enlightenment. So in the moment we talk about Bodhisattva, we become, we are belongs to
the club, if I say, club of the enlightened warrior clubs. We are truly born. We are going
to revere. To revere our nature, to help to revere the nature of others' enlightenment,
that needs courage, that needs commitment. What is the most dangerous obstacle to prevent
our enlightenment? It is the negatives, the emotions, the obscurations. That is the most
dangerous obstacle, hindrance, and enemies of the enlightenment. We are going to defeat
them. Therefore, it is called warriors. Every defeated warriors of this, every defeated
negative emotion, or the emotion enemies, or these negative enemies, that is known as
in the Buddha teaching, the great warriors. That is really, really dangerous. In the samsara
what they say, the warrior killed, he or she killed something, this and that things, or
defeated, that is what great master, Shanti Devas, he is just almost like killing, killing
the, the already killed. You name it, already something is killed, and the going to kill,
are killed. Anyways, anything will be all going to die, never going to stay forever.
So what the reason? That is to claim you end with the environment. But the defeat of these,
the worst enemy of all the time is the negative emotions. That one who are going to defeat
them, they are the warriors, the bodhisattvas. So this is when we take the bodhisattva, the
other vowels, you become the bodhisattva, you will become really the warriors of this.
And what kind of tools we are going to use to defeat this negative, what kind of weapons
we are going to use to defeat the negative emotions. These negative enemies, these powerful
enemies, that is six warrior mothers. The six warrior mothers is our weapons, weapons.
Six warrior mothers is our means to defeat the most powerful obstacles, the most powerful
enemies, the most luminously enemies in our lifetimes. That is really going to defeat
these six warrior mothers. So therefore, it's called courageous ones. And that is, again,
then with actualizing bodhisattva. And that is the actualizing bodhisattva is, as I said,
start with the three novels, beginner novel, middle novel, and when it comes to the middle
novel, and then that's what practice, really how we are going to practice, that's what
in the teaching says, middle novel, middle novel is without an attachment in the graspments.
Practice, without an attachment, that means so much grasping and clinging. We are going
to practice more calm, more peaceful, more relaxed, more openness heart. That is what
we are going to defeat, this powerful, luminously, our obstacles of these negative emotions. And
for that is then to do this continually, those six warrior mothers. And now we went really
above all these six warrior mothers, sorry, six warrior mothers, you all know six warrior
mothers, and this is, again, what's called this name, six warrior mothers in the generous
warrior mother. And now each of those warrior mothers, what is really the generous warrior
mother? I said already before, and if you remember, and many of course you all know
these things, the essence, nature of the generous warrior mother is sharing, giving thought,
going to keep to the others, I'm going to keep, going to keep, how I'm going to keep,
going to keep without any expectations, going to keep that. The giving attitude, that is
then, that nature of the generous, what we are going to keep, we are going to give a
great mass, Shati Deva said, giving them our material, our wealth, our material wealth,
our body, our marriage worries, that I'm going to share. So that means whatever you hold,
I'm going to share, I'm going to keep, not just share more than sharing, going to keep,
that is going to keep. Whatever tools, skills, methods, materials, marriage worries,
whatever, reputations, glories, whatever, I'm going to give them to the others. That
is, and the essence of this generosity is, as I said, is then the giving, and that means
no clinging, antidote of the miserous, or clinging on the miserous, or attachment,
that is. Then, the nature of the morality, that will be discussed, nature of morality
is the mental attitude to stay clean, and I'm going to stay clean. That determination,
why are you going to stay clean? Because of compassion, loving kindness, that I'm going
to help for all the centipedes, therefore I like to stay clean, clean, clean in beauties,
stainless, stainless I like to stay. And then that morality, that is nature, and morality
is divided into three, right? And the morality, that will be avoiding all the negativities,
indirectly, small, medium, or the big. That means all the negativities, stains, going
to clean well. I'm never allowed to let it come close to me. I'm going to go with my
mind on the list, and never going to let me let down, fall down, again on the ditch.
I'm going to stay clean. That attitude, that thought, is the nature of the morality.
With that, I'm going to glorify, not just survive in situations, but I'm going to
glorify that. How to do? Gathering all the virtues, good things, to glorify that.
Every tools to glorify my clean, to remain in purity, I'm going to gather. All the
virtues, directly, indirectly, whether it's big, whether it's small, whether it's
medium, I'm going to gather. All that. That is known as the morality of the gathering,
all the virtues. Third one we discussed, and benefited, morality that benefited for
all the sentient beings. That also means what? Actually, expanding your goodness,
goodness, expanding our beautiful purity status, purity status, to all the beings
that benefited that. Therefore, this morality, as I said many times, it encompasses
the entire teaching of the Buddha. All the teachings, really practice all that
gathering. Again, to become the Buddha, or to reach the realization, to become the
Buddha Buddha, or enlightenment mind, or enlightenment, is called the perfect status.
Buddha are the perfect status. Perfect purification, perfect achievement,
perfect benefiting, happen. So this morality is a foundation of that. Morality
that will purify all the negative reading is the way to bring our self perfect
purifications, total cleanness, clean, pure, completely gone, the stain of that.
There is no stain, no shadow. It's gone, and that is the Buddha's book.
What did the teaching say? It's individable, bomb, and so on. Perfect clean, perfect
clean. That is this morality. That's how it started this. And then, with that,
and perfect gathering, perfect all the witches are gathering, every good things
are all gathering, and that brings perfect realization, understanding, perfect
realization, and understanding. So the Buddha hold is the perfect realization status.
Buddha is perfect. Buddhas are perfect. Whether male Buddha or female Buddhas are
perfect, because there, the courageous work put enlightenment for a long time.
Therefore, they have even no stains of the naked witches, or the stains.
And I gather all the witches, everything perfect. Therefore, it's not perfect.
Realization is complete. These first three are generally in the Buddha teaching
as well. This perfect purification, perfect achievement is known as one's
own achievement. One's own achievement. What that means in the Buddha teaching,
often we heard, when you're making enlightenment, you've fulfilled two purposes.
One's own purpose and purpose for others. Purification and achievement is one's
own purpose. Now, your goal is complete, or our goal is completed. There's nothing
we have to gather more. It's everything completed. That is perfect achievement
of one's own purposes. When we started benefiting to the other beings,
it's called the benefit or purpose of the benefit or purpose of all other things.
It's the purpose of others. That benefit and purpose is started from the way
we are practicing Dharma. Practicing both in soccer, we practice, but then
personally, we achieve that when we become the Buddha Buddha accordingly.
So, once when all the purpose is achieved, what is called known as, we achieve
Dharmakaya status. Dharmakaya status.
When we start to benefit for all sentient beings through your completion,
continually, that is known as Rupakaya. As we discussed the other day, or yesterday,
and of course, you all know Rupakaya. This is the one benefiting for the sentient
beings. When you perfect that, that is then Rupakaya status.
Rupakaya status, then benefit of all sentient beings by two Gaias, Sambokaya
and then Mount Gaias. All the sentient beings until that enlightenment.
Everyone is reaching enlightenment. Also, we discussed earlier, when we discussed
about the Buddha, Gaias, and all those of that. So, that is what is really
about the generally this morality. So, now, once the morality is, next one
is what? Have you talked that? According to the order, first the generosity
and the second is the morality and the third is then patience parameters.
Now, the patience parameter is. The patience parameter is, again, I talked
really about this, the world meaning, nature of the patient parameter
and as well as division of the parameters. And the world meaning of the parameter
and then benefit of the parameter, sorry, the patient parameter, so world meaning
of the patient parameter and benefit of the patient parameters and division
of the patient parameters. Those are our thoughts. And the fourth one is
the world meaning. Patient, in Sanskrit word, is known as chanting parameter.
Chanting parameter, as we discussed earlier in your whole talk, means one lead
to the other shows. That means the other show is what the other show is.
Show of the beyond samsara and the nirvana in the teaching set.
Not show of the samsara, when you practice the really parameter,
it will lead you to the beyond the show. Show, beyond the show of samsara,
beyond the show of nirvanas. That's what they lead in the teaching set.
What that actually means, the show of samsara, that maybe we understand
what that means, beyond the show of samsara. That we understand.
But what means beyond the show of nirvanas? Then this parameter is normally
in the show of the nirvana, such as arahadahud. That's what they indicated
in the Mahayana teachings or great, weak teachings. Mahayana, sorry,
the island of hope is great achievement, great realization.
But according to the teaching, it is, in a way, safe, hearing for one's own self.
Safe, hearing for one's own self.
For what? From safe, for what? From the miserable, difficulty, troubles of samsara.
So you now don't have any troubles of samsara. You are safe, hearing.
Safe, hearing. And that is just a very general, roughly, ideas of these nirvanas.
And that generally is what? Beyond of any nirvana, which is arahadahud,
again, the nirvana of arahadahud is beyond any consumption and any feelings.
And all the naked videos of the emotion obscuration are gone.
So therefore, you don't have to be come back or pulsed back by the dharma in the samsara
because there is no cause. What that cause? Cause of suffering truth is eliminated.
Cause of suffering truth is gone. Therefore, we are not going back to the samsara.
So it's a safe, hearing. In a safe, safe, hearing for one's own, in a way, individual.
It didn't mean that arahadahs don't have compassion.
Entire teaching of the Buddha Shakyamuni is best upon the compassion and non-violence
and poor-bornness in the way.
But there is like ex-conductor of this, according to the teaching.
The Bodhisattvaayana is not on that. Stay in the safe, hearing of one's own achievements
but benefit for all the living beings.
Even if we are talking about when we reach the Buddha world, you have got two purposes.
You prefer the two purposes. The purpose of one's own self, the purpose of others,
or the goal of one's own self and the goal of others that you are going to have to prefer.
The goal, you prefer the goal of your own self by becoming or achieving the Buddha world.
But that didn't really prefer the complete goal to benefit for all the sentient beings.
To benefit the two sentient beings is then you are going to emanate into guys.
Samokaya, Nirmakaya are going to benefit.
Then you are continually fulfilling the purpose, goal of others.
So that is the goal of the Mahayana or the Buddha world.
That is the one we are talking about here, the Paramata.
These Paramata practices will tell us beyond show, beyond the show of samsara and nirvana.
For those reasons, what did the teaching say?
Beyond subject and object and activities.
Beyond any grassroots, not looking for the same heavens.
Not looking for the same one's own something like this.
But beyond, that is really the meaning of the Paramatas.
So if that is the meaning of all the Paramatas, then of course you can look more in the teaching.
There are so many details of this all. You can look on the teachings and even the most simple way
to find out is that you can look in the Googles too.
This is all is in the internet now, I think, really.
So extensively you can look and find out exactly precisely that.
But what I am talking is just highlight of the glimpse of this meaning so that we can understand
something that we can move forward.
And of course you already know I am not talking something that you don't know and I am just talking
these times.
Sorry, making those kind of statements.
But that is what I may call it the teaching said, so I am just really saying that.
So that is chandhi now. Chandhi means what?
It means patient. That is really patient.
So patient Paramatas. Patient.
And that, what is now, patient, meanwhile, patient of all the troubles, difficulties, challenges of
the samsara.
And as well, difficulty, challenges of all the enlightened or caring on the Paramatas.
Not just only chant Paramatas, but caring on the generous Paramatas, caring on the patient Paramat
as,
caring on your effort Paramatas, concentrated Paramatas and western Paramatas, caring on that.
This Paramatas is not just simple things.
It is long last go, deep and vast and profound and more powerful.
To handle that, that is really tough.
This is, therefore, patient Paramatas is a tough focus. It is tough.
It is really, to you, it is tough.
Therefore, it is called patient.
Be patient. That also indicates not timid.
Not timid, not weak, not feeble, not so sensitive, prejudiced.
Project, not much, much malice, much, it is tough, strong, disturbance, courage, confidence,
commitment.
Really, that is what Paramatas, this chant Paramatas.
And the most challenging of the, immediately facing challenges of the chant Paramata, or the
patient Paramata,
is that among the all negative, is anger.
That is the most powerful anger.
So, we are standing tall and faint with anger, emotions.
For that reason, the nature of this Paramata, patient Paramata, is never mind, or not disturbed.
Not disturbed is the nature of the chant Paramata, or the patient Paramatas.
How? Not disturbed. Your courage, your commitment, your confidence, your attitude, your openness,
and attitude of never mind.
As standing firm and strong.
So, then never letting go.
Anger, not erupted, and become the entities of our generation, our Paramatas practices.
So that is really what the patient generates.
Now, this patient is, this, again, it has patient, each, each poor, sick Paramata has poor benefits
.
As I mentioned earlier, you may remember, and of course, many of you already know that,
but those Paramatas, generous Paramatas have poor benefits.
And morality Paramata has poor benefits, and chant Paramata has poor benefits.
And the first one, benefit of each of those, is immediately stopping the opposite of those sick
Paramatas.
Immediately, it will play a way, the opposite of those sick Paramatas.
And the opposite of those sick Paramatas, again, it's like just to break free of you, if you don't
remember,
and to tell that again. What is opposite of generosity?
Misery, strangeness. So when we do the generosity, it immediately clear with, clear with that
obstacle of the Misery,
and all strangeness. That is, whether it's big, whether it's small, it holds our capabilities.
When we have the morality Paramata, it immediately stops the demorality, I think, or immorality,
that will stop.
So it's opposite, it's immediately, it is stopping. So that is big, one of the big benefits
immediately.
And patient Paramata is, immediately it will stop.
What? Timidity. It will claim it, oh, maybe anger, woke up, that anger, that will stop.
And then, joyful effort Paramatas. When we have joyful effort Paramata, immediately it will stop.
That lady in this, lady in this, that will be stopped.
And then, when we have the concentrate Paramata, what will it stop?
It will stop the destructions of the mind. It will stop that.
When we have the version of Paramata, it will stop the ignorance, or dullness.
Or it will bring more mindfulness. Mind, it will stop the mindlessness, or whatever.
That is, really it will stop. So those are immediately the benefit of this.
Immediately of those, each Paramata. And then, additionally each of those has three.
Three, three, three. So therefore, each of those four, four, four.
So suppose, now the patient Paramata, we now need the patient Paramata.
So patient Paramata, having my patient Paramata, it will circumvent the timidity,
or it will stop the anger, erupting the anger, it will stop.
And that immediately, what will do?
And the second is, it will fulfill our wishes.
It will fulfill our wishes. And the second, it will...
Second, third, and all are very similar to everyone, every one of us, similar.
The fourth one is that, I already said, it will stop the anger, or the timidity.
And the second benefit of the child's patient Paramata is fully our wishes.
And then third Paramata, the third benefit of this patient Paramata,
it will bring realization of the emptiness. Emptiness, realization of the emptiness,
or it will bring the nature of the emptiness realization.
And the fourth benefit of this patient Paramata, it will benefit to the others,
according to their designated wishes, such as according to Buddhism,
the wishes of the traditional realization of the another hood,
particular Buddha hood, or bodhisattva hood, or the Buddha hood.
So it will connect to them. Since we are Buddhist practitioners,
since we are bodhicitta practitioners and practicing sixth Paramata,
so also when you do the patient practices,
you are engaging within the frame of the Buddha teaching,
so then it will inspire others according to their designated wishes,
or their connected wishes or yanas,
such as particular yana, and ahapayana, and bodhisattva yanas.
So those are four benefits of the patient practices.
Now the division of these Paramatas is then known as, it has three.
Again, each of those Paramatas are divided into three.
A chant Paramata is, now patient Paramata, is divided into three.
And which is, both is, is the patient Paramata of standing firmly with the opponents,
all obstacles, standing firmly with the obstacles.
And the second patient practices is accepting all the difficulty tunnels, challenges.
That is the second.
And the third patient practices is, and having, again, patient to achievement of the realizations,
achievement of realizations, so patient for the realizations, realizations.
So among that is post.
Post is, patient is, patient for the chat, the opponents, or the obstacles, or the challenges.
So that is really the, is the post.
And this again, in samsara, there is so many difficulties and troubles.
And this is like, again, the most enemy is our negatives.
Negatives are such as five poses.
All those are known as ignorance, attachment, anger, jealous, and arrogance.
Then there is additional, again, a bit doubt, hesitations, those, all the obstacles.
This is the really big obstacles.
Among that, what is the pronoun of the obstacles?
The ignorance is behind everything.
But pronoun of the obstacles, what comes from on the surface is attachment, the anger, jealousness,
and arrogance, then doubts.
And all that is best on the ego clings.
So ego clinging, ignorance are the fundamental foundations of all that, and those other emotional
tools
that is making all that count as obstacles.
Among that, which will erupt or become the big disturbance of the patient is anger.
Anger is the most powerful disturbance in the samsara.
It's really the world, it's very accurate.
In the teaching, what they say today, there is no, the obscurations are bigger than the anger.
There is no obscuration bigger than anger.
Or there is no, no bigger karma, bad karma than the anger.
And therefore, there is no bigger practice than the patient.
Patient is the most powerful practices to defeat anger.
Why is anger so bad? Because it disturbs.
Anger, where is it coming from? It's from ignorance, from ego clinging.
Where is those ego clinging, ignorance? It's emptiness.
It's arising from the emptiness as it already comes, or tornadoes.
When it hits, it's devastating. It's devastating the countries, it's devastating cities,
it's devastating on the towns, villages, and family lives than individuals.
That is, this is really, anger is so big disturbance.
This is not just a Buddha saying, a teaching said, or a great mother saying, it's been seen in the
world.
So many of these troubles that happen in the world.
But most of the time, they're called mainland troubles.
But it's many times the best upon the anger.
Now, whatever it is, whether it's best, whatever they believe, whatever they thought, it is big
disturbance.
That is what comes from the anger.
So therefore, anger is really just a destroy of everything.
Even you have beautiful house, beautiful life, beautiful family, beautiful whole lives,
you reach, and luckily say everything, but then anger completely knocked down all that glorious and
beautiful.
This is what is known as the odd anger.
But according to the teaching, that is not the end, the suffering.
It created the heavy calmness, created bad, bad, the negative scars, or stains, and registered in
the subconscious, the stolen house,
or subconsciousness, mental space, storage of the iCloud, of the mental spaces.
It's stolen, completely dead.
And then it again, murder flies, that is known as the calmness.
So therefore, patience is the most, yeah, patience is really the most powerful practice.
In the teaching, he said, even your practice is generally so well, so beautiful.
Even your practice is so powerful and beautiful, but every anger erupted.
It traverses.
That all marriage is gone.
Marriage is destroying. The friendship is destroying. Harmony is destroying.
The everything is really destroyed.
That is what the anger is.
For that reason, thinking so strongly, beautiful openly, widely, and really,
so strongly thinking now and thinking future to everyone during the practice is one of the so
special practices, powerful practices.
That's what the teaching said, all that.
I mean, there's beautiful, those stories that you can read in the books, and all that.
It's so, it's not a good story.
Those are really, they did these great master's practices, they did these practices.
I mean, they are so special, and so beautiful.
And so now I'm going to stop here, and we continue to read.
It's time, and thank you so much everyone who gave you for your patience,
and for really patience of listening my broken English.
English, whoever here, and then as well as for participating of your time.
Three years of your participating time, which is gedelustis.
That is really gedelustis practices.
And the kind of keeping that in witchy language, these are the moralities.
Keeping up on the time and schedule, those are known as moralities.
I'm not joking. Those are really, the teaching said, the time.
And then you create a kind of beautiful atmosphere, calm and relaxing,
and the following the teaching, or at least repress something of your memory.
Those all is moralities.
And then also difficulty troubles, this is what's talking, this and that.
Trying to figure out, but not kind of hold and give up immediately.
And that is patience, patience practice.
So you have, we all practice patience.
You really practice patience, of course your body is afterwards,
and you are doing your duty, and I thank you.
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, everyone.
Now with the short meditation, and then...